WHY should I do this project?
WHAT is this project (major goals)?
WHEN will this project be done?
HOW will the goals be achieved?

WHY should I do this project?
Outcomes of the project (Technical):
    Gain skills in web scraping.
    Write object oriented code.
    Further exposure to document stores MongoDB.
    Text mining methods (Word2Vec).
    Critical writing - documenting code and analysis.

Outcomes (non-Technical):
    Kudos in online community.
    Insights into future skills to learn.
    Insights into organisational hiring/skill patterns.


WHAT will this project entail?
The aim of this project is to extract current job data for 'technical' jobs which require a background in
either mathematics/statistics or computer science. Further there are hypothesis' that I would like to prove.

    1. Professional organisations are increasingly valuing STEM skills.
    2. Python, R and C++ are the most sought after computer languages.
    3. The Spark, Hadoop, SQL, and no SQL skills are highly regarded.
    4. Specific industries that require these technical skills all value the same set => a DS can move any where/any field

There will be two parts to this project:
    1. Acquiring the data from webscraping.
    2. Analysing the data using text mining techniques.

    1. Acquiring the data from webscraping.
        -Start with scraping the McKinsey website.
        -Create list of websites to scrape data from.
        -Create data storage for scraped data.
        -Loop list of 'scrape-able' websites through the scraping code.
        -Create a cron job to run the scrape on a weekly basis.
        -Ensure duplicates of data aren't created.
        -
    2. Analysing the data using text mining techniques.
        -Research SVDs further.
        -Understand the true details of SVDs
        -Explore word embedding corpus.
        -Create clusters of job types.


WHEN will the goals be achieved?
    Currently the data is being collected. A first complete batch of data should be collected by mid-November. 

HOW can we prove the hypotheses'?

    1. Professional organisations are increasingly valuing STEM skills.
        Collect data over time. This will require to take longitudinal data snapshots of company hiring processes overtime.

    2. Python, R and C++ are the most sought after computer languages.
        Collect data on relevant jobs from set of industry.
        For each industry, analyse text for skill requirements.
        Apply appropriate binning i.e. ensure jobs are somewhat consistant.

    3. The Spark, Hadoop, SQL, and no SQL skills are highly regarded.
        Counts of how often these terms are included in these job titles
        
    4. Specific industries that require these technical skills all value the same set => a DS can move any where/any field
        Collect data, similar, to step 1. Then cross-sectionally analyse the skills required in each of the jobs posting.
        Analyse to see which industries have similar requirements for the above.
        Create metric to highlight which industry has the most technical requirements.
















